Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[SIREN WAILS]
[CAR HORNS HONKING IN THE DISTANCE]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
- [MOBILE PHONE RINGS]
- Hello?
[DOCTOR] Mr Lin. your daughter's
condition is deteriorating.
How can that be?
She was fine earlier today.
She heals faster than usual. However...
the leukaemia cells accumulated again.
so her condition has deteriorated.
But Xixi is strong-minded.
Before she went into the coma.
she told everyone you promised
to be there for her birthday.
[LIN] Peter. you must save her!
I'm on my way. Please do your best.
[CAR HORN HONKS]
[SIREN WAILS]
- [MAN SHOUTS]
- [WOMAN SCREAMS]
- Move. move! Sorry!
- [CAR HORN HONKS]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
[MOBILE PHONE RINGS]
Hello?
- [WOMAN] Officer Lin. we have a problem.
- What do you mean?
Our witness protection
has been compromised.
We just lost contact with our men.
I'm afraid our witness has been exposed.
Witness protection is Grade A.
What are you telling me?
- What happened?
- I'm not sure.
But HQ has confirmed
the identity of the witness.
It's Dr James. the reclusive
geneticist who recently defected.
For five years. he's been secretly working
for the biggest arms dealer on the coast.
researching biochemical weapons.
A week ago. his bioroid went haywire
and killed everyone in the lab.
The arms dealer was brutally killed
and his assets seized.
Bioroid? What research?
We don't know the details.
It's some kind of special force
exposed to nuclear radiation.
[MOBILE PHONE RINGS]
Sir.
[UNSS CHIEF] Uniform number?
Uniform number Victor Seven Three.
Agent Lin. you and your men
are the best guys I have
to transfer Dr James
to a secure military base.
A breach of the witness protection plan
may threaten regional security.
[DEFIBRILLATOR DISCHARGES]
Yes. sir.
[MONITOR BEEPS REGULARLY]
[GROANS]
[LIGHTNING CRASHES]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Let's go.
[LIGHTNING CRASHES]
[MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES]
Xixi?
Uh-uh.
Go.
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO]
[LIGHTNING CRASHES]
Hmm.
[RATS SQUEALING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO]
[LIGHTNING CRASHES]
[HE PANTS]
Trust me. Come on. get in.
Aagh!
Take cover!
[AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE]
- Get back!
- Back!
Get back!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Devil!
Aagh!
- Cover me!
- Okay.
Aagh!
Careful!
Susan. I'll distract them.
You go for the car!
Uhh!
[SUSAN] Officer Lin!
- Get down!
- Get Dr James out of here!
- What about you?
Just go! Protect the witness first.
- Okay.
- Flash bomb!
- You. follow me.
- [GROANS]
We've got to get to the car!
- Johnny. hang in there.
- I'm okay.
- Susan. are you okay?
- Okay for now.
Aagh!
Let's go!
No!
Don't do that!
Aagh!
Aagh! Ugh!
[GROANING]
Go! Come on!
- Aagh!
- [SUSAN] No! Doctor!
Hmm!
Aagh!
The doctor...
[OVER POLICE RADIO]
..has been shot.
Requesting backup.
[OFFICER COUGHS AND SPLUTTERS]
Repeat...
the doctor has been shot.
Requesting backup.
- Give it to me.
- No. no. no...
You're the devil.
You would have never succeeded without me!
Where are the lab records? They're mine!!
[CAR ENGINE REVS]
[HE SHOUTS]
Aaagh!
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[ENGINE REVS]
[TYRES SQUEAL]
[STRAINING]
Goodbye!
[MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES]
[XIXI] Papa. Papa!
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES]
[XIXI GIGGLES]
[MONITOR FLATLINES]
[MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES]
Hello?
[TITLES MUSIC]
[FEMALE TV HOST] Although Rick Rogers'
latest novel has not yet been published.
the copyrights for the movie are already
being sought after by Hollywood!
[BIKE RINGS BELL]
Bids for such rights have been
coming in at shocking sums.
I've had a sneak peek at this book.
"She is a mission herself.
Her blood contains all the memories.
One day. she will find
her memories back again." Wow!
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Well. we are very privileged
to welcome to the show
to talk about his new book.
"Bleeding Steel".
Rick Rogers!
- [APPLAUSE]
- Oh. Rick! Oh!
- How are you?
- Oh. I'm very well. Mwah!
Oh. welcome to the show. Thank you.
Have a seat.
So we heard the main character
was a US Marine
before he died of nuclear radiation.
But then some geneticist bought his body
and turned him into a bioroid
with a mechanical heart.
[RICK] Well. can't keep
a secret from you. can I?
[THEY LAUGH]
[TV HOST] Oh. there are
no secrets in this world.
- [THEY LAUGH]
- [RICK] Well. maybe that's so.
But many unknown secrets
are hidden in my novel.
So go buy the book.
It's the perfect synergy of
the human body and machine.
[SIREN WAILS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
[BODYGUARD] Oh. check it out.
Stop. security check.
Turn around.
[RICK OVER RADIO] Is my kitty here yet?
She's on her way. boss.
Next time. it's my turn.
- [BEEPS]
- Sure.
[CAR HORN HONKS]
[SLEAZY MUSIC PLAYS]
Come here. kitty.
Come to Papa.
[TYRES SCREECH]
Excuse me. where are you going?
[LIFT BELL DINGS]
[GASPS]
Oh. shit!
Aaaaaagh!
- Who are you?
- Shut up!
Where did you get
the information in your book?
- What?
- Where did you get the information?
It... it was my inspiration.
Who are you?
- [DEVICE CHARGES]
- What do you want?
- [ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
- This is your last chance.
[GASPING]
[WATER BUBBLES]
Huh?
Fuck!
[HE WHIMPERS]
Who are you?
How did you get the story
in Bleeding Steel?
- Please don't kill me. I bought it.
- Where's the original copy?
Everything you need is in there.
I just stole a story.
Aagh!
You shit!
[MAN ON RADIO] Surveillance videos
have been uploaded.
A team of policemen
are on their way to you.
[CAR ALARM BLARES]
- [WOMAN] Who's that?
- [MAN] Is that Batman?
[COUGHS AND SPLUTTERS]
[SIRENS WAIL]
[PANTING]
Uhh!
[SIGHS]
[SPITS]
[GROANS]
[MALE REPORTER] Popular novelist
Rick Rogers has been murdered
in what police describe
as a robbery gone wrong.
[MAN] We believe
the perpetrators of this crime
disabled the CCTV cameras
in this building.
However. we have obtained
additional footage
from CCTV cameras
in the building on the corner.
We urge members of the public
who recognise this man to step forward.
We have reason to believe
he may have been involved
in the events that took place tonight.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS]
[SPACE CRUISER HATCH CLOSES]
[WOMAN IN BLACK] We were attacked
by a masked man at Rick's apartment.
I'm sorry.
He knew a great deal
about our bulletproof vests.
Where did you get
the information in your book?
How did you get the story
in "Bleeding Steel"?
- Please don't kill me. I bought it.
- Where's the original copy?
[COMPUTER BEEPS AND WHIRS]
Thirteen years you've had me trapped
in this sterile cage like an animal.
You're gonna suffer
everything I've suffered.
Sir. we found out about the transvestite.
He bought that costume online.
- We have his shipping address.
- Go.
Do not fail me again.
Yes. sir.
[BEEPING]
Rick was a pervert.
Why was he obsessed with this girl?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
One pizza for Leeson.
Thank you.
When I find you...
I'm gonna kill you.
[TENSE MUSIC]
[BEEPING]
Hi.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Spaghetti?
- Yes. please.
- Red sauce?
Yes.
And beef soup. right?
- Thank you. sir.
- Beef soup for the beautiful young lady.
- So annoying!
- Oh. so annoying.
- Sorry.
- Bitch!
- You guys have a conflict. though.
- Oh. I'll give it a chance. yeah.
Excuse me?
What did you say?
Sorry. I can't really understand you.
I don't speak Chinglish.
That's a good one.
Oops!
- Have you had a nose job?
- What?
[CROWD CLAMOURING]
[CROWD] Go. go. go. go. go. go!
Agh!
- I'm sorry.
- No more. no more!
Eh. eh. enough!
- Knock it off. girl.
- It's okay. drop it.
[BOY] Oh. man!
Go back. Get back. get back.
Nothing to see.
[MAN] Everybody get back.
All of you. All of you. guys.
Wow. that was a hell of a punch.
You're a credit to us Chinese.
And you know I helped. right?
Thank you.
Well. I have to go now.
I'm Leeson. What's your name?
[SCREAMS]
[ROOM-MATE] Nancy!
Nancy!
Are you okay?
Did you have another nightmare?
- Drink something.
- Thank you.
Did I wake you again?
I'm sorry.
Ever since I changed doctors.
the nightmares have got worse.
Because she's not a doctor. She's a witch.
She's not like a real witch.
She's more like a guide...
or a spiritualist or something.
Okay. whatever she is.
my dreams are getting worse and clearer.
You have them every night.
I can't take it anymore. I've lost weight.
I can't sleep.
Please. Nancy. stop going to the witch.
or get her to fix it.
[DOG BARKS VICIOUSLY]
That's in. Good shot. bro.
Ooh. konichiwa!
- Hey. look over.
- Annyeong haseyo!
What's your name?
- N jiào shénme míngzì?
- N ho!
Come on. baby. I've been
waiting for you for ages. Ooh!
- [BELL RINGS]
- [SHE CHANTS]
How have you been?
The nightmares are
more frequent and more vivid.
I feel like I become
someone else in my dreams.
It takes time to heal.
This is stress. my dear.
Figments of your imagination.
Nothing more.
But every bit of it feels so real.
Like I've been there
and I know all these people.
As if...
they are leading me...
pushing me to find something.
[WITCH] Don't think too much.
Relax.
One.
Two.
Three.
[MAN] Doctor. the subject
is rejecting multiple organs.
They're failing.
I think I'm gonna have
to give up on this one.
[GROWLS]
[SHE GASPS]
- Nancy! No. Nancy!
- Help me! Please don't kill me.
- Nancy. no!
- Please don't kill me!
[NANCY] If you kill me.
nothing can save you.
What the fuck?!
[NANCY COUGHS]
I've never seen anything like this before.
There's someone else's soul inside you.
This is way beyond me now.
There's a man.
He is a master of hypnosis.
He may help.
He'll be there tomorrow.
Let's see if you can see him.
Why did you let her go?
She didn't tell us
anything about her dream.
The needle broke in half.
Rick's dead.
I have a feeling...
the tapes we were selling him
got him into trouble.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
- For real!
- Yeah.
- Oh. boys.
- Ha!
See what we have here.
I see you come here a lot.
Looking at that lame witch.
What's your name. man?
- [BOY LAUGHING]
- You can't hear me?
Really?
Now that's my boy.
Andrew. is that.
Let me pass.
Oh! So now you speak English?
How about this?
Pass under here.
I know you like that. huh?
[ALL] Ooh!
Get that bitch!
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYS]
[GROANS]
Whoo! Come on. boys.
We got some fresh meat.
- Where you going?
- Don't be scared.
- Ooh!
- Hoo-hoo!
Back off!
- Don't get close!
- Whoo!
- [GASPS]
- Oops. Feisty one.
You can't get away now.
- Uh!
- Ooh!
[PANTING]
Huh-hm!
- Get him!
- Wah!
[LAUGHS] Whoa!
Aaagh!
Whoa. whoa. Okay. Uhh!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha!
Ha! Ha!
Dok! Dok! Dok! Dok!
Ho!
Wah! Agh!
Aagh!
Ow!
Aagh! Yaa!
Ha!
[BOY] Who do you think you are.
Jackie Chan?
[ALL SCREAMING]
Hey!
[SCREAMS]
Let's go!
Ooh! [GROANS]
- Get 'em.
- I think I'm blind!
Don't let that bitch slip away!
Stop running!
I'll get you! You broke my balls.
Shut the door.
[BOYS CLAMOURING]
- Come on. boys.
- Let's get them!
We've met before.
- Oh. it's you.
- What are you doing here?
- I followed you.
- Why'd you do that?
I was kidding.
- Hurry up.
- I'm trying.
So who are you?
You're not. like. a gangster?
Excuse me?
You're always fighting.
Hey. hey!
Come on. relax. I was kidding.
Don't go.
Come on.
Let's go for dinner. tonight.
I think you should change your pants.
Oh. yeah.
Well. yeah. Whatever.
I'm warning you.
If you follow me again. then I'll...
[IMITATES SPRAY CAN]
I said I was kidding.
This was just a coincidence. all right?
Hey!
Not even a thank you for saving you?
- You know what. lady?
- Thanks.
- [LEESON] You're just crazy!
- You're welcome. [CHUCKLES]
Hey.
- Excuse me. I'm looking for a performer.
- A performer?
They're in rehearsal right now.
The performance is in the evenings.
I need to see him right now. It's urgent.
I'm sorry. I can't let you in
without a permit.
- Okay. thank you.
- Okay?
Okay.
- [MAN] So. yeah. two for one.
- [LEESON] Hey.
Guys. she's... She's my girlfriend.
- Can she come in?
- Yeah. Should be all right.
Thanks. Hey. baby!
Okay.
Come on.
My girlfriend.
You followed me.
What the hell are you talking about?
I think you followed me.
- And who just got you in. huh?
- Whatever.
You can't... Not that way!
[ORCHESTRA WARMS UP]
It's a maze in here. Where are you going?
What's your name?
Gangster.
Oh. come on.
You know I was kidding yesterday.
Yours?
Huh? Don't you remember?
I told you. It's Leeson.
[NANCY] Mohammed Salaami.
It's my stage name.
Stolen?
It was not.
I found it.
You sure don't look like a Salaami.
What are you after?
What are you looking for? Huh?
Mohammed Salaami?
Uh. Salaami. Yeah. I'm Salaami.
Salaami. Salaami.
- Salaami.
- Good. I'm glad I found you.
- I need you to come with me.
- Where are we going?
- I need you to fix some lights.
- Okay. okay. okay.
Just stay here and no more fights.
Please just stay there. okay?
Salaami. Hmm!
[WOMAN] Okay. everybody.
Let's start rehearsal.
Lights. music. get ready.
[ORCHESTRA BEGINS TO PLAY]
[WOMAN] Okay. ready? Action!
Ladies and gentlemen.
please welcome Mr Cosentino.
[MAN] Ladies and gentlemen.
what you're about to see here tonight
is truly extraordinary.
My angel has arrived.
Come to me.
Sit down.
You were a fallen angel.
but God has given you a second life.
I know all your pain.
[HIS VOICE ECHOES] I'll guide you
through the darkness to the light...
and find the soul that belongs to you.
Love is all around you.
No. no!
Everyone get out!
[SCREAMING AND SHOUTING]
[MAN] Go. go. go!
Stop. don't kill the innocent people.
All right! Got this!
You are late.
- [BLADE SWISHES]
- Uhh!
My work here is done.
- Put your weapons down!
- Get on the ground!
[GASPS]
Look out!
Agh!
Get him!
Kill him.
Nancy's on the second floor.
Pick me up at the entrance.
You know. you're really
starting to piss me off.
Give me back my daughter.
You want her? She's all yours. Daddy.
Yaargh!
[LIFE BELL DINGS]
[LIFT BELL DINGS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
- Hey!
- Yaargh!
[HE YELLS]
Sorry.
Hey! Over here!
Aargh!
- Mister. who are you to her?
- Shut up.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Wow. nice place. Is it...
Hey!
- What the hell?
- Be quiet.
- Let go of me.
- Shh!
[WHIRRING]
- Go.
- Where?
- Down there.
- No way.
You trying to get rid of me?
Well. I won't go quietly.
What the hell is this place. huh?
Hey. Watch it. Take it easy.
Who are you? What do you do for a living?
Do you really need to do that? Huh?
What the hell?
What was that thing anyhow?
[BEEPING]
It's a time bomb.
Tell me. why have you
been following Nancy?
You've got to be kidding.
You don't have to kill me to get my girl.
Hey. I can't help it
if I'm super-charming.
You're not a student at the university.
The ladyboy at Rick's place. It was you.
Yes. it's true.
But what does any of this
have to do with Nancy?
All I did was get back
what was mine to begin with.
What belongs to you?
- What is it?
- Things that belong to the rich.
I'm like Robin Hood. okay?
It's stealing.
You're a lazy young boy.
You're just a thief.
Rick's a thief anyway. And he's a dick.
[TIMER CONTINUES BEEPING]
What does that have to do with Nancy?
When I was going through Rick's safe.
Nancy's library pass was in there.
I was curious about her.
And then she just captivated me.
And I fell... in love.
[BEEPING STOPS]
I've told you everything.
So would you please remove the bomb now?
Vitamin B.
Good for your health and hangovers.
Who has a hangover?
You think you fooled me?
I could tell it was you under that mask.
Don't walk away.
Who do you think you are. Spider-Man?
Until I check your identity.
you'll have to stay here.
Hey!
Let me out!
[STRAINING]
[SUSAN] Officer Lin.
the evidence you acquired
proves transactions
between Rick and the witch.
For two years. the witch has been
selling Rick Nancy's therapy videos.
Clearly. Rick based his novel
off these recordings.
That's what I thought.
Oh. I just sent you a sound file.
Find out who this guy is.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[FLOORBOARDS CREAK]
Hello?
[WATCH BEEPS AND WHIRS]
[BEEPING]
[DOOR CREAKS]
Oh. hey.
How long are you gonna
keep me locked up here?
I have human rights. Huh?
I'll pee if you don't let me go.
Okay. you asked for it.
[STRAINING]
[WATCH WHIRS]
[GROANS] Can you give me
water and food. please?
I'm so dehydrated. I can't even pee.
[BEEPING]
[DR JAMES] She must be protected.
All my work is in her body.
Someday she'll be the proof to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
[HOSPITAL MONITOR BEEPING]
[MONITOR FLATLINES]
[BEEPING]
Hello? Nancy's gone.
She just got on a plane to Tianjin.
I think it's happening now.
I'm going to look for her.
I'll call you from the airport.
What happened? Release me.
Look. I can help you.
Whatever your game is. stay away from her.
- This is more serious than you know.
- I want to protect her.
She doesn't need you.
Here's the key. This door will open
automatically tomorrow.
There's food and drink in the room.
You won't starve.
That's dog food. There.
Train your arms.
Hey!
This is an illegal detention.
Don't go!
[BEEPING]
[STRAINING]
[BEEPS]
[CAR ALARMS BLARE]
[EXPLOSION RUMBLES]
Earthquake?
[SCREAMS]
[SUSAN] Officer Lin.
Your new identity.
The old files...
state you and Xixi died.
And Dr James's body...
we had it taken care of.
He managed to save Xixi
with a mechanical heart
and bio-engineered blood
that Andre tried to steal before he died.
Inside Xixi's body are
the bio-engineered genes of Dr James.
So far. no sign of rejection.
The bio-engineered blood in
Xixi's body is super-regenerative.
However. when she wakes up...
her old memories will be gone.
Memories of you.
[SIGHS]
Was the thing I blew up...
the bioroid?
Yeah.
He was an experimental subject.
Dr James called him Andre.
His body wasn't recovered at the scene.
We're still searching.
Susan...
Yes. sir.
- Can you do me a favour?
- Of course.
Take her to an orphanage in Australia.
to Director Isabella.
Andre will definitely come back.
I don't want Xixi to be involved.
As long as she lives.
I will protect her as a stranger.
As her father.
her safety is all I ask for.
[SUSAN] Officer Lin.
if Xixi's memories are coming back.
are they hers or are they Dr James's?
That's what I worry about.
Oh. yeah. what about the guy
I asked you to check out?
His name is Leeson.
He lives in Sydney.
In 2011. he travelled to Korea.
the US and Japan.
Then he returned to Sydney.
He has no work records.
no family we could find.
He was arrested for theft a year ago
and was released due to lack of evidence.
What did he steal?
We don't know. His file is classified.
We are still communicating
with Australian police.
He's not a normal thief.
No. We don't think so either.
[BEEPING]
Oh. we're losing Xixi's signal.
I think we should separate.
Okay. That's a good idea.
I'll go back to headquarters.
We will do everything we can
to have your identity restored.
If I can find Xixi. I just want to
have a beautiful life with her.
See you.
Hey...
Good luck. Officer.
Mm.
[CENTRAL LOCKING BEEPS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Trust me.
Hello?
All my work is in her body.
Every detail is recorded in her blood.
She must be protected.
Someday she'll be the proof to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
[NANCY SOBS]
Papa!
You've been with me all along.
Oh. Papa!
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[BEEPING]
Papa!
Xixi!
I don't have time for this.
[TYRES SQUEAL]
[PANTING]
It worked! Oh. my God.
[BEEPING]
Hey. that was the wrong car.
How did you get out?
A fitness machine is no match for me.
If you're that good. help me to find them.
Pay attention. I am helping.
Hang on.
[BEEPING]
There.
- Good job. Go back to Sydney.
- What?
You're not very polite. Go on. then.
Hello? They've got Nancy.
I'm sending you a location.
- [SUSAN] Got it.
- Okay.
[ENGINE STALLS]
Good afternoon. May I help you?
- [MAN] Please wait a minute.
- Honey. look.
Aliens from space.
[WHIRRING]
Thank you.
This way. please.
[WHIRRING]
No. no. no! Bastard!
Let's roll!
Turn here.
[SCREAMING]
- Susan?
- Get in.
[BEEPS]
[ALARM BUZZING]
That's pretty good.
I don't want to see more people get hurt.
Our intel told us
they would hit this vault.
And we know their suits are susceptible...
to gas.
[ALARM BUZZING]
- Madam.
- What's this?
This is all that we found in the safe.
- Nothing else.
- Just a camera.
Okay. Thank you.
[DV CAMERA BEEPS]
[DR JAMES]
Such superior regeneration ability
is attributed to the activation
of the regenerative genes from starfish.
Each recombined cell
contains the entire genome
and fuses to other tissues
to rapidly regrow the missing part.
The experimental subject
is a special force
exposed to heavy nuclear radiation.
He'll become the first bio-warrior
in the world if the experiment succeeds.
[MUFFLED SCREAMS]
[PANTING]
[GROANING]
[DR JAMES] We have developed
the first generation mechanical heart
to match the rapid regeneration
feature of the bio-engineered blood.
If the experiment succeeds.
the bioroid with the mechanical heart
and the bio-engineered blood
will be the immortal warrior
of the future.
Whoa!
If Andre got his hands on the lab records.
he can make an army of bioroids.
Oh... That's horrifying.
We can't let Andre get this.
According to our intel.
Andre had a secret deal
with a prominent arms dealer.
I bet this is what
they were working on together.
This is the only thing we have
we can trade for Nancy.
No matter what. he won't release Nancy.
Officer Lin.
if Andre was hurt 13 years ago.
then what he needs is a procedure.
That means that what he needs
more than anything
is Nancy's blood to save himself.
The two things he needs
are Nancy and that camera.
While we have the camera.
Nancy should be safe.
We don't have much time.
We have to find Andre.
I have an idea.
- The camera.
- Oh. Ah...
Take this camera straight to headquarters.
Yes. ma'am.
Hey. boss. they're back.
[BEEPING]
[ANDRE] You and I are actually the same.
We're lab rats in his little experiments.
Ah. the only difference is
you didn't get to experience
the pain that I've suffered.
That sly fox...
hiding his life's work inside of you.
And all these years. just to find...
you.
I feel like you've turned me
into a monster.
[CHUCKLES]
[ENGINES ROAR]
[COMPUTER] Diverter initiated.
Purification in process.
[WHIRRING]
Who are you? Oh!
[ANDRE] We have the same mechanical heart.
But I'm getting eaten alive
by my own cells.
Thanks to Dr James's blood.
not only will I get my powers back.
but your blood will give me
the ability to regenerate.
The world's first super bio-warrior.
My blood contains two sets
of memories for 13 years.
Those painful memories
constantly torture me day by day.
You will have three memories
once I pass them on to you.
And believe me. you will go insane.
No.
You see this diverter here?
It'll remove all the impurities
in your blood.
Never again
will I experience any more pain.
What's that?
- Quiet down.
- Hmm!
- Mmm?
- Second floor.
Let's go.
- Where's the Asian girl?
- Inside the lab.
Open the door.
What are you guys doing?
Nancy!
Where do you think you're going? Agh!
- Shaun! Sound the alarm!
- [SHOUTING]
Get out of here! Go. go. go. go!
Nancy! Nancy!
- [LIN] Nancy!
- [SUSAN] How do we open this?
- Nancy!
- How do we get in?
Get back!
Papa.
Aagh! [GROANS]
- Open it. now!
- Only the boss can do that.
Fuck you!
[BEEPS]
No. it's me! It's me!
I was trying to help.
but my gun was out of power.
Uhh!
[GROANS]
I'm going to enjoy killing you.
Yaargh!
On three. we attack.
Hey! I haven't even counted!
Yaargh!
Yaaaaah!
[INHALES]
[COMPUTER]
Blood transfusion interrupted. reverting.
[METAL SNAPPING]
[STRAINING]
[LIN GASPS]
Goodbye!
[NANCY YELLS]
Aagh!
[SCREAMS]
Come and help me!
Okay.
[STRAINING]
[EXPLOSION RUMBLES]
[COMPUTER] Warning. system malfunctioning.
All personnel evacuate.
Warning. system malfunctioning.
- Officer Lin! Are you okay?
- Aagh!
- Let's go!
- It's gonna explode! Run!
- Warning. system malfunctioning.
- Run! Hurry!
All personnel evacuate.
Leeson!
[LIN] Go!
Go. hurry!
[LIN] It's going to crash!
Get the parachutes!
-Okay
-Hurry!
Papa.
Papa is fine.
Don't worry.
Susan! Strap her in!
Don't ever leave me again.
Aagh!
Get her out of here!
[NANCY SCREAMS]
[NANCY] Papa. Papa. When I get well.
will you take me on the merry-go-round?
[DR JAMES] I don't have much time left.
The bio-engineered blood
of my biggest success
was all given to Xixi.
It has superior regeneration capability.
Take good care of her.
[STRAINING]
Aaaaagh!
Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
Huh! Huh! Huh!
- Huh!
- Ooargh!
Whoooa!
Aaaagh!
[NANCY] Papa! Papa!
Susan. do something! Save him!
Pull the black handle
on your left when I say.
Uh-huh.
Now!
[GENTLE PIANO MUSIC]
- [HE GASPS]
- Papa!
Xixi!
Papa.
Papa's fine. It's okay.
[MOBILE PHONE RINGS]
- Hello?
- [MAN] Sir. the lab records are missing.
- What? The camera's missing.
- Huh?
[LAUGHTER]
[LIN] Hi!
[NANCY GIGGLES]
[LIN SIGHS]
- [LIN] I'm dizzy.
- Papa. let's try that one.
- [LIN] Which one?
- Over there.
- That one.
- No. no. no. my heart can't.
- Please.
- Xixi. I'll go. I like that one.
All right. You go sit down over there.
I'm gonna get some ice cream.
- Oh. I want chocolate.
- Okay.
- I need to sit down.
- Right here.
- I was shooting like this...
- [SUSAN LAUGHS]
- Backward.
- I knew you'd be dizzy.
It's just like a dream. Pinch me.
I won't do that. You'll wake up.
You've been waiting for this for 13 years.
I'm happy for you.
Officer Lin. headquarters just called.
We know Leeson's true identity.
His real name is Choi Kyung-ho.
His father was the arms dealer
killed 13 years ago by Andre.
So his real motivation was to get revenge
and take back his family assets.
All I did was get back
what was mine to begin with.
When his family was killed.
he was travelling abroad.
So he survived.
Coincidentally. he and Xixi grew up
together in the orphanage.
[SINGING]
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to Nancy ♪
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Happy birthday. Nancy.
[NANCY] Leeson.
Price is no problem...
if you've got for me
what you said in the email.
Come over to my office in Moscow.
We'll talk.
I'll send a plane for you.
Hey. man.
Thanks for openly discussing a price.
Although it's a matter of trust.
Sorry. I have a dinner date
with Jackie Chan.
Over.
Fuck!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-